adding version info (#5126)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/configuration/releases.mdx

</Note>

The behavior of a few features depends on whether a project is using semantic or time-based versioning.

- Regression detection
- `release:latest`

We automatically detect whether a project is using semantic or time-based versioning based on:

- If ≤ 2 releases total: we look at most recent release.

> - If 3-10 releases total: if any of the most recent 3 releases is semver, project is semver.

Reviewer: I feel like `3-10` is a bit confusing because it is not right inclusive as in with up to 9 releases this rule applies

Author: Does this work? If not, please feel free to suggest an edit.

```suggestion
- If 3-9 releases (inclusive): if any of the most recent 3 releases is semver, project is semver.
```

Reviewer: This makes sense to me .. looks good

> - If 10+ releases: if any of the most recent 3 releases is semver, and 3 out of the most recent 10 releases is semver, then the project is semver.

Reviewer: Does `10+` mean 10 and above ? or just above 10?

Author: > Does `10+` mean 10 and above ? or just above 10?

I don't know the answer to that. This was just a copy/paste from another part of the docs. @wedamija, @sl0thentr0py - do either of you know what the answer to that?

Reviewer 2: The rules are
 - <= 2
 - > 2 < 10
 - >= 10

Not sure what the best way to word it is

Author: Okay so: 
```suggestion
- If 10 or more releases: if any of the most recent 3 releases is semver, and 3 out of the most recent 10 releases is semver, then the project is semver.
```
